LightningCLI support for argument links applied on instantiation (#7895)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/common/lightning_cli.rst

        model.batch_size <-- data.batch_size
                              Number of samples in a batch (type: int)

> Sometimes a parameter value is only available after class instantiation. An example could be a data module for a
> classification task which counts the number of classes. And the number of classes is required to instantiate the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes a parameter value is only available after class instantiation. An example could be that your model requires the number of classes to instantiate its fully connected layer (for a classification task) but the value is not available until the data module has been instantiated.
```

> The code below illustrates this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code below illustrates how to address this.
```
